Update documentation for native imports & signatures (#307)
typed-ember/glint: docs/ember/contextual-components.md

{{yield (hash foo=(component 'my-component'))}}
```

You could type your `Blocks` as:

```typescript
Blocks: {
  default: [{ foo: typeof MyComponent }]
}
```

However, if you pre-set the value of the `@value` arg, the consumer shouldn't _also_ need to set that arg. You need a way to declare that that argument is now optional:

```typescript
import { WithBoundArgs } from '@glint/template';

// ...

Blocks: {
  default: [{ foo: WithBoundArgs<typeof MyComponent, 'value'> }]
}
```

If you had pre-bound multiple args, you could union them together with the `|` type operator, e.g. `'value' | 'count'`.

> Note that `tWithBoundArgs` is effectively shorthand for writing out a `ComponentLike<Signature>` type, which is a generic type that any Glimmer component, Ember component or `{{component}}` return value is assignable to, assuming it has a matching signature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that `WithBoundArgs` is effectively shorthand for writing out a `ComponentLike<Signature>` type (a generic type to which any Glimmer component, Ember component or `{{component}}` return value can be assigned, assuming it has a matching signature).
```
